hey guys I hope you're having the best
day ever it was a beautiful beautiful
day in New York City actually was
boosting around got to interview a very
cool human today that you will see a
little bit of and different things on
this channel but today today I am giving
you a I phone 7 what phone
tour or like out like a what's on my
iPhone 7 plus phone what's on my iPhone
7 plus obviously news video circulate
the internet and they intrigued me I've
actually watched a ton of them because I
do a lot of video stuff and photo stuff
and obviously my cameras and computers
are very important tools but my number
one most important thing is my iPhone so
just kick into things other than the
actual apps and things that are on my
phone on the outside I actually have
like a wrap on it so this is a silver
iPhone but I like all things white and
so I actually have a white wrap from
Flickr up I'm not the biggest fan of
cases so this is kind of just an
extension of the phone itself it's
basically like a big sticker and so it
does help with scratches and you know if
you drop it it will maybe scratch the
phone less it definitely doesn't replace
a case but I've been enjoying them and
then of course of course of course the
thing that I love the most that is has
always been on my iPhone is a pop pocket
now it folds down flat so you could put
it in your pocket or something but you
pop it out and it serves as a great
handle so you can get your selfie game
all good and then also serves as a stand
you can set it down on a table I'm
actually going to do a giveaway at the
end of the video if you stay for the
whole video and nothing nothing is
sponsored so all the apps they tell you
about the products they're all because
I'm a huge fan so I want to relay the
information and the links of that be
down in description ok so here is my
actual iPhone every time I fly a
on a plane I rearranged all my app so
this phone layout is from my latest
iteration when I was flying back from
Jackson Hole Wyoming
first and foremost top 5 app this is a
mixture of apps that I use the most and
then also apps that I just find
extremely helpful so number one is
Twitter it is by far my favorite social
media outside of YouTube it really
allows for fun interaction with you guys
and just keeping up with things that I
want to keep up with now my second
favorite app has to be flogged by I use
Spotify all the time I'm listening to
music constantly especially with the new
Apple earpods I always had headphones
and so lately I've been listening to a
lot of Lainey
if you like 1975 vibe and you enjoy the
places of LA and New York they somehow
encapsulate those feelings of those
cities all in the band okay so this is
fun let's go sir recently played so this
is what I've been recently playing
nothing too
too embarrassing if you guys do not have
Spotify there discover weekly playlist
is always so on point it's where they
basically tell you depending on what
you've been listening to this is what
you need to listen to moving on my third
favorite app has to be visco it stands
for visual supply company this is where
I edit all of my pictures that go on
Instagram or on Twitter it's a super
clean app where you import pictures from
your photo role and then bring them into
visco to edit it sequentially all the
time how I edit my pictures so let me
actually bring you in to a picture that
I have edited so the filter is that I
use a lot is either a one or III these
are filters that I think you can buy in
the app for only 99 cents so this is a
picture that I took last time I was down
in Soho this past weekend with Jeannie
so yeah I usually just go through some
of my favorite filters I really enjoy
you want me to
and E Street once you apply a filter and
you can go and do more controls us you
can brighten it up you can add contrast
and grain and stuff I'm a big fan of the
grain putting it on videos and photos so
I always do that so this is the before
of the picture and then just as after
the visco edit it's very subtle but it
makes it look super cool fourth favorite
app is one that I don't use a ton but it
is so so helpful and that is the office
lens app so you put the piece of paper
or whatever you want to scan into the
computer on a flat surface and it's
going to detect what is the thing that
you actually want to scan in so this is
the latest issue of 99u so I just took a
picture and it automatically flattens it
for you just like it would if you were
scanning in a document so I find this
extremely helpful when I need to bring
documents into my computer as PDFs or
just pretty-looking digital documents
after that you can crop it if it needs
more crossing you can move it around or
you can press this plus one to add a
another document so just say that's the
document and then after you add however
many documents you want you have these
two things you say save all and you can
say save it as a PDF and it will combine
all those pictures that you took into
one PDF and then you can email it to
yourself or you can add it to your drag
now this is a part of office 365 so if
you have word if you have PowerPoint
this is a part of that so you do need a
subscription to it if you log in to your
account but it is so helpful it is so so
helpful the last app is kind of a smart
apartment smart home app and it's the L
is the life it life specs I think they
call it life that basically it's like
Philips youth you buy the life x
lightbulbs you put them all over at your
apartment and you can control them via
this up so I can press living rooms and
it goes dark I can also do very exciting
exciting things like effects I can
strobe because that's always so
I need it you can dim you can change the
temperature you can add colors you can
do all the things with this control your
life is huge especially when shooting
video it's not as important how bright
your light bulbs are but making sure
they're all the exact same temperature
and this is what I can do with this app
and with these light bulbs I will link
them down and the description below so
yeah you have all of your individual
lights down here and then different
groups and then you just have your
favorites at the top that you can
control at the same time so I had
bedroom and living rooms so now that
I've gone over my top five apps let me
just kind of go through the layout of my
phone I think it's pretty organized I I
think it is the first page of obviously
what I click on the most and I like to
sync and certain things or by each other
for a reason so you know Spotify mail
Safari messages obviously I use those
demos but then I have all the socials
close to each other and then you know I
have sound clouds close to Spotify
because they're both music apps I have
my camera close to my Photos app and my
photos close to Fisk oh because this
goes what I use to edit pictures so I
like to think everything has a purpose
for where for where it is and my
background image is just a picture of
the New Yorker Hotel because why not
Wilo is another smart home app basically
controls different outlets so I have two
Wemo outlets plugged into my ACS in my
apartment so I can control if my
air-conditioned units are on or off on a
second page I have things that are
pretty important that I use but not
obviously important as the first page a
lot of times I just pull down and do the
search and so you can see these are the
top eight apps that I've actually used
in the previous like 24 hours so I use a
sweet green apple OTT it's just a food
place in New York so I have all of the
Google Docs sheets and slides it's an
awesome free service by Google that is
basically Microsoft Word PowerPoint and
Excel so I do use both of them
in a perfect world I feel like we should
get to a place where we only need one
but I've always found a reason to use
both of them and then I have different
Adobe apps that I occasionally use here
all my food apps gotta gotta love it
different photo video apps that honestly
I don't use a lot filmic Pro is a
awesome app if you want to record in 24
frames per second I actually use the
Nike Run Club app for when I run to
track my runs and then you know I also
have my watch that is a great companion
to that and then on the very bottom is
all of my travel apps so whether it's
the different
airlines this Expensify app is so good
you can file different reports and then
within those reports you can say what
expenses are in there you save it as a
PDF and then that PDF will file all of
the pictures other receipts that you
took will put it in a smaller thumbnail
version and then also a bigger seminal
version with individual pictures other
receipts I've absolutely love this to
keep track of expenses for me and then
also it's very organized when you need
to send off expenses to other people who
are reimbursing you moving on to a third
page is the apps that I don't really use
a lot in if I do I just pull down the
search bar again and search for them so
I use the YouTube studio app a lot it's
great for creators and then the only
other things that I use a ton on this is
the DJI app to fly my to fly my drone
and in the booster board apps the
booster wear app will tell you when your
booster board some electric skateboard
is charged and then it will look my name
is boosted babe and it also connects to
your watch where it will send a push
notification when your board is charged
which is clutch moving on to the last
page this is where apps go and die these
are the apps that I needed at one point
but I really don't use a ton they are
games I don't play games at all I played
the Mario run game
for about like one level and then got
bored I just I'm not I'm not huge on the
games unfortunately and then I this
folder just titled wet because these are
the apps that I just really really do
not use yeah so that is my iPhone and
those are some of my favorite apps I I
wouldn't I want to challenge some fellow
youtubers to do a what's on my iPhone
video because I actually love watching
these and I want to know what's on your
iPhone so Dom I met you recently as a DJ
I event he has a lot of Technology
videos and also my friend Sam Shepard I
want you guys to make one of these
videos so I'm challenging you and if you
waited until the very end of the video
I'm actually going to give out some
slick raps so I I got some extra ones
that I'm not going to use and they're
all like really festive colors and so
I'm going to spend one person like five
different slick raps so basically
they're just these stickers that go onto
your phone add somewhat of a level of
protection but it's also just cool cool
looking it's very slick looking hints
quick wraps so if you leave a comment on
this video just mention something in
regards to I want a slick right now you
have to have an iPhone 7 plus because
that is the size that I got so yeah I
just mentioned hey I want a swift rap
and yeah that's all you have to do make
sure you subscribe to my channel and
leave a comment regarding slick raps you
think this is sponsored by them but it's
not I just have extra ones that I'm not
going to use and I always love to say
thank you in some type of way to you
guys through giveaways and I will send
you I'll send it your way so thank you
so much for watching this video
hopefully I was entertaining I love
seeing the tools of other creators and
what they use on a day to day basis was
there anything weird about my phone I I
don't I don't know how I have started
something new on my channel peachy lies
there these really rad live streams that
I'm doing with a bunch of my creative
friends it's basically a 30 minute show
all around creativity so this first week
is kind of the trial ground so I'm going
to see what you guys like about it and
it was the time okay and then going
forward I might be changing the schedule
just
a little bit I'm definitely going to
keep you guys in the loop with that the
next one is tomorrow night 8 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time my upload time 8
p.m. Eastern Standard Time every every
single night
thank you so much for watching this
video let me know if you liked it hit
that subscribe button down below BB
become a part of the PG fan over here
it's a nice over here and yes I'll see
you guys in the next video tomorrow
tomorrow for a PG left okay stay PG okay
bye
[Music]
you